docs: extended relayer docs (#149)
zkemail/ether-email-auth: packages/relayer/README.md

# Generic Relayer

## Prerequisites

- docker compose
- sqlx-cli

> **Note:** All commands in this guide should be executed from the repository root unless otherwise specified.

## Setup

### 1. Build contracts

```bash
yarn workspace @zk-email/email-tx-builder-contracts build
```

### 2. Configure relayer

Copy the config file:

```bash
cp packages/relayer/config.example.json packages/relayer/config.json
```

Edit `packages/relayer/config.json` and fill in:
- `chains.<network>.privateKey` - Private key for the used chains

> - `prover.*` - Set up the prover (see the [prover setup guide](https://github.com/zkemail/email-gpu-prover)) and fill all `prover` fields

Author: ```suggestion
- `prover.url` and `prover.apiKey` - Set up the prover (see the [prover setup guide](https://github.com/zkemail/email-gpu-prover)) and fill the `url` and the `apiKey` fields
```

> - `icp.*` - Set up the ICP (see the [ICP setup guide](https://proofofemail.notion.site/How-to-setup-ICP-account-for-relayer-cf80ad6187e94219b25152fb875309db)) and fill all `icp` fields

Author: ```suggestion
- `icp.wallet_canisterId` - Set up the ICP (see the [ICP setup guide](https://proofofemail.notion.site/How-to-setup-ICP-account-for-relayer-cf80ad6187e94219b25152fb875309db)) and fill the `wallet_canisterId` field
```

# Generic Relayer

## Prerequisites

- rust and cargo
- docker compose
- sqlx-cli

## Setup

### 1. Build contracts

```bash
yarn workspace @zk-email/email-tx-builder-contracts build
```

### 2. Configure relayer

In the relayer package directory (`./packages/relayer`) copy the config file:

```bash
cp config.example.json config.json
```

Edit `config.json` and fill in:
- `chains.<network>.privateKey` - Private key for the used chains

> - `prover.*` - Deploy the prover (see the [prover setup guide](../prover/)) and fill all `prover` fields

Author: ```suggestion
- `prover.*` - Set up the prover (see the [prover setup guide](https://github.com/zkemail/email-gpu-prover)) and fill all `prover` fields
```

- `icp.*` - Set up the ICP (see the [ICP setup guide](https://proofofemail.notion.site/How-to-setup-ICP-account-for-relayer-cf80ad6187e94219b25152fb875309db)) and fill all `icp` fields

> Note: do not forget to place the `.ic.pem` file in the relayer root

### 3. Configure environment

> In the the repository root, copy and edit the `.env` file:

Author: ```suggestion
In the repository root, copy and edit the `.env` file:
```
